Update FAQ to explain submodules (#393)
nmattia/niv: README.md

characters in the source name are escaped to the character `_`; i.e. to
override the package `my package-foo` you need to set the environment variable
`NIV_OVERRIDE_my_package_foo`.

> ### Can I use git submodules?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can I use a git dependency with submodules?
```

Yes, however you need to follow some steps.

> Add dependecy as git dependecy to your source.json:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add your dependency as git dependency to your `sources.json`:
```
